>> ALL RIGHT.
DONALD TRUMP JUST WALKED OUT.
WE'RE GOING TO GO LIVE AND WATCH
THE SIGNING MORE EXECUTIVE
ACTION.
LET'S TAKE A LOOK.
>> SO THIS IS JANUARY 6TH.
THESE ARE THE HOSTAGES.
APPROXIMATELY 1500 FOR A PARDON.
>> YES.
>> FULL PARDON.
>> FULL PARTED OR COMMUTATION.
WE HAVE ABOUT SIX COMMUTATIONS
IN THERE WHERE WE ARE DOING
FURTHER RESEARCH.
>> OKAY.
>> NICE TO SEE YOU AGAIN.
>> YOU TOO.
SO THIS IS A BIG ONE.
ANY OF YOU WANT TO EXPLAIN ABOUT
THIS?
WE HOPE TO GET -- WE HOPE THEY
COME OUT TONIGHT, FRANKLY.
THEY ARE EXPECTING IT.
APPROXIMATELY 1500 PEOPLE.
SIX COMMUTATIONS.
>> WERE THERE ANY CASES DID YOU
NOT PARDON.
>> WE ARE LOOKING AT DIFFERENT
THINGS BUT THE COMMUTATIONS
WOULD BE THE ONES THAT WILL TAKE
A LOOK AND MAYBE IT WILL STAY
THAT WAY OR IT WILL GO TO FULL
PARDON.
>> THE ORDER DOES REQUIRE THE
BUREAU OF PRISONS TO ACT
IMMEDIATELY ON RECEIPT OF THE
PARDONS AND COMMUTATION ORDERS.
SIR, THIS IS AN.
>> WHY DON'T WE GET THAT DOWN SO
THEY CAN GET THEM GOING RIGHT
NOW.
IS THAT OKAY?
>> YEP, ABSOLUTELY.
>> THIS IS A PROCLAMATION
GUARANTEEING THE STATE'S
PROTECTION AGAINST INVASION
BASED ON THE CURRENT CRISIS AT
THE SOUTHERN BORDER.
INVOKES VARIOUS EXECUTIVE POWERS
RELATING TO THE ONGOING INVASION
OF THE SOUTHERN BORDER.
>> MR. PRESIDENT, WHAT MAKES YOU
CONFIDENT THAT THOSE ARE NOT
GOING TO BE BLOCKED BY THE
COURTS?
>> I DON'T THINK THEY WILL.
I DON'T THINK THEY CAN BE.
THEY ARE VERY STRAIGHT UP.
WHY DON'T YOU TAKE THAT AND GO
OVER HERE.
CAN YOU GET HIM OVER HERE?
ON THIS SIDE.
DO YOU MIND?
JUST GO RIGHT OVER HERE WITH
YOUR FRIENDS.
OKAY?
>> SIR, THIS IS AN EXECUTIVE REG
THE UNITED STATES REFUGEE
ADMISSION PROGRAM TO BETTER
ALIGN WITH AMERICAN PRINCIPLES
AND AMERICAN INTEREST.
>> OKAY.
>> THANK YOU, SIR.
THIS NEXT EXECUTIVE ORDER IS
ABOUT PROTECTING AMERICA FROM
FOREIGN TERRORISTS AND OTHER
NATIONAL SECURITY AND PUBLIC
SAFETY THREATS.
AGAIN, CRISIS AT THE BORDER BUT
IT GOES BEYOND THAT AND
IMPLICATES OTHER EXECUTIVE
POWERS AS WELL.
>> OKAY.
>> PRESIDENT TRUMP, CARTELS ARE
NOW GOING TO BE SEEN AS FOREIGN
TERROR ORGANIZATIONS WOULD YOU
THINK ABOUT ORDERING U.S.
SPECIAL FORCES INTO MEXICO TO
TAKE THEM OUT?
>> COULD HAPPEN.
STRANGER THINGS HAVE HAPPENED
[INAUDIBLE]
>> SAY IT.
>> HOW WOULD YOU MAKE SURE THAT
MADURO WOULD ACCEPT VENEZUELANS?
>> WE WILL SEE VENEZUELA.
WE ARE LOOKING AT VENEZUELA VERY
STRONGLY.
IT'S A COUNTRY I KNOW VERY WELL
FOR A LOT OF REASONS AND IT'S --
BOY IT WAS A GREAT COUNTRY 20
YEARS AGO AND NOW IT'S A MESS,
RIGHT?
CAN YOU EXPECT ICE RAIDS
TOMORROW.
>> WHAT DOES THAT NEON.
>> CAN WE EXPECT ICE RAIDS IN
MAJOR CITIES?
>> I DON'T WANT TO SAY WITH
WHEN.
IT'S GOING TO HAPPEN.
HAS TO HAPPEN OR WE ARE NOT
GOING TO HAVE A COUNTRY LEFT.
>> EXECUTIVE ORDER
DESSITTINGATING THE CARTELS AND
OTHER ORGANIZATIONS TO BE
FOREIGN TEARS ORGANIZATIONS?
>> THAT'S A BIG ONE.
>> YES, SIR.
PEOPLE HAVE WANTED TO DO THIS
FOR YEARS.
THEY SO THEY ARE NOW DESIGNATED
AS TERRORIST ORGANIZATIONS
FOREIGN AND MEXICO PROBABLY
DOESN'T WANT THAT BUT WE HAVE TO
DO WHAT'S RIGHT THEY'RE KILLING
OUR PEOPLE THEY ARE KILLING
200,000, 350,000 A YEAR NOT A
HUNDRED AS HAS BEEN REPORTED FOR
15 YEARS.
PROBABLY 300,000.
>> MEXICO DOESN'T -- HOW GOING
TO DEAL WITH THIS?
>> I DON'T KNOW YOU WILL HAVE TO
ASK THEM.
>> EXECUTIVE ORDER PROTECTING
AMERICAN PEOPLE AGAINST INVASION
WHICH AGAINST DEALS WITH THE
SOUTHERN BORDER UNPRECEDENTED
ADMISSION OF THE ILLEGAL ALIENS
ACROSS THE SOUTHERN BORDER.
>> WHAT DO YOU SEE THE
CONNECTION OF THE SECURITY
THREAT TO THE U.S.?
WHAT WILL BE YOUR PRIORITY ON
FOREIGN POLICY?
>> SAY?
>> WHAT'S GOING TO BE YOUR
PRIORITY ON FOREIGN POLICY?
WHAT YOU SEES A THE BIG.
>> FOREIGN POLICY A BIG
STATEMENT.
MY PRIORITY ON FOREIGN POLICY IS
GOING TO KEEP GOING TO KEEP
AMERICA SAFE.
VERY SIMPLE.
THAT'S A VERY BIG QUESTION.
>> WHAT'S GOING TO BE THE FIRST
FOREIGN LEADER THAT YOU PLAN TO
MEET OR WHO ARE YOU GOING TO
CALL TOMORROW?
>> I HAVE ALREADY BEEN MEETING
PEOPLE.
I HAVE BEEN MEETING THEM AND
TALKING TO THEM I MET WITH PRIME
MINISTER TRUDEAU I CALL GOVERNOR
TRUDEAU.
I MET WITH NUMEROUS FOREIGN
LEADERS.
GO AHEAD?
>> SIR, THIS NEXT ORDER RELATES
TO THE DEFINITION OF BIRTHRIGHT
CITIZENSHIP UNDER THE 14TH
AMENDMENT OF THE UNITED STATES.
>> THAT'S A GOOD ONE.
BIRTH RIGHT.
THAT'S A BIG ONE.
>> WHAT ABOUT THAT ONE IN THE
COURTS?
THAT ONE IS LIKELY TO BE --
>> -- COULD BE.
WE THINK WE HAVE GOOD GROUNDS.
BUT YOU COULD BE RIGHT.
YOU WILL FIND OUT.
IT'S RIDICULOUS.
WE'RE THE ONLY COUNTRY IN THE
WORLD THAT DOES THIS WITH BIRTH
RIGHT AS YOU KNOW.
AND IT'S JUST ABSOLUTELY
RIDICULOUS.
BUT, WE WILL SEE.
WE THINK WE HAVE VERY GOOD
GROUNDS PEOPLE HAVE WANTED TO DO
THIS FOR DECADES.
>> SIR, THIS IS A PROCLAMATION
DECLARING A NATIONAL EMERGENCY
AT THE SOUTHERN BORDER OF THE
UNITED STATES.
>> THAT'S A BIG ONE.
A LOT OF BIG ONES, HUH?
DO YOU KNOW WHAT THAT MEANS,
HUH?
>> Peter: PRESIDENT TRUMP, DID
PRESIDENT BIDEN LEAVE YOU A
LETTER.
>> HE MAY HAVE.
WAIT, DON'T THEY LEAVE IT IN THE
DESK?
I DON'T KNOW.
OH PERIOD PETER WAS IT.
>> THERE THANK YOU, PETER IT.
COULD HAVE BEEN YEARS.
WOW, THANK YOU.
>> Peter: CAN YOU READ ANYTHING
OUTSIDE?
>> MAYBE WE SHOULD ALL READ IT
TOGETHER.
>> Peter: LET'S READ IT.
>> MAYBE I WILL READ IT FIRST
AND MAKE THAT DETERMINATION.
>> Peter: THAT SOUNDS GREAT.
>> PETER, THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
I MAY NOT HAVE SEEN THAT FOR
MONTHS.
>> HAPPY TO HELP WITH THE
PASSING OF THE TORCH.
>> I DID.
I LEFT HIM ONE IN THE DESK.
>> Peter: WHAT'S HE TALKING
ABOUT?
>> UNIFICATION OF OUR COUNTRY.
I DON'T KNOW THAT HE GAVE A
PARDON TO HIS FAMILY BECAUSE HE
DID IT DURING MY SPEECH.
>> HE DIDN'T TELL YOU WHAT IS IN
THE LETTER?
>> NO.
THEY RELEASED IT DURING MY
SPEECH.
I MEAN DURING MY SPEECH.
SO ALL I COULD DO IS SAY EXCUSE
ME, I WOULD LIKE TO COME BACK
AND SPEAK SOME MORE.
IT'S BAD PRECEDENT, OBVIOUSLY.
>> WHERE ARE YOU THINKING ON
MEXICO TAKING ACTION ON THE
BORDER.
>> WE'RE THINKING IN TERMS OF
25% ON MEXICO AND CANADA BECAUSE
THEY ARE ALLOWING MASS NUMBERS
OF PEOPLE CANADA IS A VERY BAD
ABUSER ALSO.
VAST NUMBERS OF PEOPLE TO COME
IN AND FENTANYL TO COME IN.
>> WHAT DO YOU THINK YOU WOULD
ENACT THOSE?
>> I THINK FEBRUARY 1st.
>> DID YOU FIND ANY NOTES.
>> I THINK WE WILL DO IT
FEBRUARY 1st.
>> 25% ON BOTH, SIR?
>> ON EACH.
>> THIS IS AN EXECUTIVE ORDER
TAKING LARGE NUMBER OF EXECUTIVE
ACTIONS TO SECURE OUR SOUTHERN
BORDER.
>> OKAY.
SOUNDS REASONABLE.
BUT WE GET ALONG.
I THINK YOU WILL BE HAPPY TO SEE
HIM COMING BACK.
>> WHAT IS LIKE WORKING WITH THE
SOUTH AMERICA TO IMPORT THAT
NATION?
>> President Trump: ABOUT WHO?
>> ABOUT IMMIGRATION.
>> President Trump: I AM FINE
WITH LEGAL IMMIGRATION, I LIKE
IT.
I'M ABSOLUTE FINE WITH IT.
WE NEEDED TO BECAUSE THEY A LOT
OF COMPANIES COMING IN TO AVOID
TARIFFS.
IF YOU DO NOT WANT TARIFFS, YOU
DUCEPPE TO BUILD A PLANT SO WE
WILL HAVE A LOT OF WORKERS COME
AGAIN BUT WE WILL HAVE TO HAVE
EAGLE IMMIGRATION IS.
>> WHAT ABOUT THE CHINA TARIFFS?
>> President Trump: 60%?
>> THE CHINA TARIFFS?
>> President Trump: AS YOU
KNOW UP A LARGE TARIFFS ON CHINA
AND THEY WERE FORCED TO LEAVE
THEM, IF NOW WE WOULD NOT HAVE
ONE STEEL MILL INTO THIS COUNTRY
BECAUSE THEY WERE DUMPING
MASSIVE AMOUNTS OF STEEL,
HUNDREDS OF BILLIONS OF DOLLARS,
AND THEY WERE UNABLE TO
TERMINATE THE TARIFFS PUT ON
CHINA, BECAUSE IT WAS TOO MUCH
MONEY AND THE LARGEST OR NOT
WORK.
WE WILL HAVE MEETINGS AND CALLS
WITH PRESIDENT PRESIDENT XI
JINPING, I SPOKE WITH HIM AS A
UNOCAL DID YOU KNOW THAT?
VERY GOOD PHONE CALL.
NATER HAS TO PAY MORE MONEY, --
NATO -- HAS TO BE 5%.
THE UKRAINE WAR, $200 BILLION
MORE THAN THEY DID, IT IS
RIDICULOUS, YOU HAVE AN OCEAN IN
BETWEEN.
AND WE HAVE SPENT $200 BILLION
MORE ON UKRAINE AND THEN NATO
HAS SPENT HALF TO EQUALIZE.
>> HAVE A TALK TO PRESIDENT XI
JINPING ABOUT THE UKRAINE WAR?
THEY HAD A PROPOSAL TO BRING
RUSSIA AND UKRAINE TO TALK.
>> President Trump: THAT IS A
GOOD, I AM READY.
HOW DID BRAZIL GET INVOLVED?
THIS IS A NEW ONE.
ARE YOU FROM BRAZIL?
I GUESS THAT'S WHY THEY ARE
INVOLVED.
>> ONE WILL YOU TALK TO THE
PRESIDENT, HOW WAS YOUR
RELATIONSHIP WITH LATIN AMERICA
AND BRAZIL?
>> President Trump: IS GREAT,
THEY NEED AS MUCH MORE THAN WE
NEED THEM.
WE DO NOT NEED THEM, WHEN --
THEY NEED AS.
EVERYBODY NEEDS US.
>> SAY NOT SAYING THEY WILL NOT
NECESSARILY BE CHINA TARIFFS
DEPENDING ON HOW THE TALKS WILL
GO WITH PRESIDENT XI.
>> President Trump: DEFINED
THAT?
IT'S BECAUSE OF FENTANYL, BUT
THERE ARE OTHER THINGS AS WELL.
AND VERY BIG THINGS ABOUT THE
PANAMA CANAL.
CHINA CONTROLS THE PANAMA CANAL,
WHAT IS ALL ABOUT?
WHEN JIMMY CARTER GAVE IT WHICH
WAS A TERRIBLE MISTAKE, TERRIBLE
MISTAKE, HE DID NOT GIVE IT TO
CHINA HE GAVE IT TO PANAMA AND
CHINA CONTROLS THE PANAMA CANAL.
WILL NOT ALLOW THAT TO HAPPEN.
NOW, WE WILL NOT ALLOW THAT TO
HAPPEN.
>> WHEN CAN WE EXPECT FOR NATO
TO SPEND THE LEAST AMOUNT OF
MONEY, FRANCE, SPAIN.
>> President Trump: SPAIN IS A
VERY LOW.
ARE THEY A BRICKS NATION?
SPAIN?
DO YOU KNOW WHAT A BRICS NATION
IS?
YOU WILL FIGURE IT OUT.
IF THAT BRICS NATIONS WANT TO DO
THAT, WE WILL PUT AT LEAST 100%
TARIFFS ON BUSINESS THEY DO WITH
THE UNITED STATES.
YOU KNOW WHAT THE BRICS HIS
RIGHT?
YOU KNOW WHAT I'M SAYING?
>> IT'S NOT EVEN A THREAT?
>> President Trump: SINCE IT
MADE THAT STATEMENT BIDEN SAYS
THEY WILL HAVE US OVER A BARREL,
NO SAID NO, NO WAY THEY COULD DO
THAT.
>> COUNTRIES LIKE SPAIN?
>> President Trump: AS A BRICS
NATION YES, A HUNDRED% TARIFF IF
THEY THINK ABOUT DOING WHAT THEY
THOUGHT.
THEREFORE THEY WILL GIVE IT UP
IMMEDIATELY, SO WELL CHINA.
>> THIS IS ABOUT REFORMING THE
SYSTEM OF HIRING AND THE FEDERAL
GOVERNMENT TO MAKE SURE THAT
MARRIAGE IS OF THE LOAN TO START
OF HIRING THE.
>> President Trump: THIS IS A
BIG DEAL, MERIT.
OUR COUNTRY WILL BE AMAZED ON
MARRIED TO AGAIN, CAN YOU
BELIEVE IT?
-- MERIT.
THIS IS ONLY HALF A DAY, I HAVE
ANOTHER HALF A DAY LEFT, WANT TO
GET IT DONE.
>> THIS IS AN ORDER QUITTING THE
DEPARTMENT OF GOVERNMENTAL
EFFICIENCY KNOWN AS DOGE.
>> HE IS GETTING AN OFFICE FOR
ABOUT 20 PEOPLE HIRING TO MAKE
SURE THESE GET TO IMPLEMENTED.
WE HAVE A PROBLEM IN THIS
COUNTRY, SIGNING AN EXECUTIVE
ORDER AND IT DOES NOT GET DONE
FOR SIX MONTHS.
IS AN EXAMPLE, THE HOSTAGES TO
GO OUT, IT MAY NOT BE APPROVED
UNDER THE OLD DAYS UNDER TWO
WEEKS RELEASE, SIX MONTHS.
THEY HAD A GOOD RULING, IT'S
LIKE NOTHING HAPPENED, IT WAS
SIX MONTHS AGO, YOU KNOW THAT.
AND IT WAS LIKE THEY DID NOT
HAVE A RULING.
THEY WERE TREATED VERY UNFAIRLY,
THE JUDGES HAVE BEEN BRUTAL,
PROSECUTORS HAVE BEEN BRUTAL.
NOBODY EVER TREATED PEOPLE OF
THIS COUNTRY LIKE THAT.
>> HAVE YOU TALKED TO ANYBODY
THAT HAS ASSAULTED A PEACE
OFFICER ON JANUARY 6?
SEVEN WE ARE LOOKING AT TWO
POLICE OFFICERS, WASHINGTON
POLICE OFFICER WENT AFTER AN
ILLEGAL AND THEY ENDED UP
PUTTING HIM IN JAIL, FIVE-YEAR
JAIL SENTENCES.
YOU KNOW THE CASE.
WE ARE LOOKING AT THAT IN ORDER
TO GIVE THEM -- WE HAVE TO GET
THEM BACK.
>> POINTS OF CLEMENCY -- D7 THAT
WOULD BE A PARDON WHAT I'M
TALKING ABOUT.
>> PUNISHMENT FOR PEOPLE WHO
ASSAULTED LOT ENFORCEMENT
OFFICERS?
>> President Trump: I WILL SAY
THIS, I'VE SEEN MARTYRS GET ONE
YEAR, TWO YEARS, MAYBE NO TIME.
THESE PEOPLE HAVE BEEN
DESTROYED.
WHERE THEY HAVE DONE TO THIS
PEOPLE IS OUTRAGEOUS.
WHERE LEYBURNE ANYTHING LIKE
THIS IN THE HISTORY OF OUR
COUNTRY.
AND EVEN PEOPLE THAT WERE
AGGRESSIVE AND AGAIN MANY CASES
I BELIEVE THEY WERE AGITATORS,
WHAT DO I KNOW.
BUT I THINK THEY WERE OUTSIDE
AGITATORS, AND OBVIOUSLY THE FBI
WAS INVOLVED BECAUSE THEY
ADMITTED TO THE FBI WAS
INVOLVED.
YOU SAY 23, PEOPLE INDIRECTLY
ARE DIRECTLY WERE INVOLVED, 26,
THAT IS A LOT OF PEOPLE.
WE HAVE TO TAKE CARE.
THESE PEOPLE HAVE BEEN TREATED
SO BADLY IT HAS NEVER HAPPENED
BEFORE.
WHAT HAPPENED IN SEATTLE WHEN
THEY TOOK OVER A BIG PORTION OF
THE CITY?
PORTLAND ONE OF THE BURNED DOWN
THE CITY EVERY DAY?
PEOPLE DIED YOU MAKE NOTHING
HAPPENED TO ANYBODY.
THEY GO AFTER THESE PEOPLE
VIOLENTLY.
THEY STILL GO AFTER BRAND-NEW
PEOPLE, THEY HAVE SOMEBODY ELSE
WITH THE PICTURE, NEVER BEEN
ANYTHING LIKE THIS.
IT IS ALMOST A HUNDRED PERCENT
OF THE PEOPLE THEY CONVICTED.
HUNDRED%!
IT IS WASHINGTON, D.C.
PEOPLE GO INTO A TRIAL AND THEY
SAY HAVE A WONDERFUL LAWYER AND
I DO NOT DO ANYTHING WRONG, AND
THE END UP IN SHACKLES ARE
ALMOST IMMEDIATELY IN JAIL.
>> STILL GOING TO BE A LOVE THE
OPTION SATISFIED?
GREENLAND?
>> President Trump: GREENLAND
IS A WONDERFUL PLACE.
WHEN NEEDED FOR INTERNATIONAL
SECURITY.
I AM SURE THE DEADLOCK WILL COME
ALONG THE, WANTING TO MAINTAIN
IT, TO KEEP IT.
THE PEOPLE OF GREENLAND ARE NOT
HAPPY WITH THEIR MARKET, YOU
KNOW?
I THINK THEY ARE HAPPY WITH US.
CERTAIN REPRESENTATIVES OF ONE
OF THEIR TWO WEEKS AGO AND THEY
ARE LIKE US SO WE WILL SEE WHAT
HAPPENS.
GREENLAND, IT IS NECESSARY FOR
INTERNATIONAL SECURITY.
WE HAVE RUSSIAN BOATS ALL OVER
THE PLACE, CHINESE BOATS,
WARSHIPS, THEY CANNOT MAINTAIN
IT.
>> WHAT ABOUT PRESIDENT PUTIN?
>> President Trump: WE'LL BE
MEETING WITH HIM.
>> WHEN IT?
>> President Trump: I CANNOT
SAY.
FIRST FORMED TRIP TYPICALLY HAS
BEEN WITH THE U.K.
BUT I DID WAS SAUDI ARABIA LAST
TIME BECAUSE THEY AGREED TO BY
$450 BILLION WORTH OF OUR
PROJECT, I SAID I WILL DO IT BUT
THEY HAD TO BY THE AMERICAN
PRODUCT IN THE AGREED.
THEY BOUGHT 450 BILLION, LEAST
REPORTED STORY OF EVER BEEN
INVOLVED.
>> WHAT ABOUT NOW, WERE YOU
GOING TO GO NOW?
D7 IF SAUDI ARABIA WANTED TO BUY
ANOTHER 450, 500, WE WILL UPLOAD
FOR INFLATION.
>> HOW DO YOU PLAN TO END IN THE
UKRAINIAN WAR?
>> President Trump: AS QUICKLY
AS POSSIBLE.
YOU KNOW THE WAR WITH UKRAINE
AND RUSSIA SHOULD HAVE NEVER
STARTED.
IT WOULD HAVE NEVER STARTED IF I
WERE PRESIDENT E1 DO YOU THINK
ISRAEL AND SAUDI ARABIA HAVE TO
WORK ON RELATIONSHIP?
>> President Trump: I DON'T
WANT TO PUSH IT, I THINK IT WILL
HAPPEN, AND AWAY END THE ABRAHAM
ACCORDS.
SAUDI ARABIA WILL END UP BE IN
THE ABRAHAM ACCORDS.
>> THIS YEAR?
>> President Trump: MAY BE,
SOON.
LOOK AT THAT, ASSESS TIKTOK!
WHAT IS THAT ABOUT YOU AND
ALASKA, EXECUTIVE ORDER
INCLUDING UNLEASHING ALASKA'S
POTENTIAL AS A ENERGY RESERVOIR
D7 WHAT ABOUT NWAR?
WE'RE OPENING IT UP.
>> YOU WANT ABOUT OF THE DANGERS
OF TIKTOK SPYING ON AMERICANS,
WHAT CHANGE THE YOUR NOT WORRIED
ANYMORE?
>> President Trump: IT DEPENDS
ON THE DEAL, I MAY DO THE DEAL
OR MAY NOT.
TIKTOK IS WORTHLESS, WORTHLESS
IF I DO NOT APPROVE IT.
IT HAS TO CLOSE.
I LEARNED THAT FROM THE PEOPLE
THAT OWN EIGHT.
IF I DO NOT DO THE DEAL IT IS
WORTHLESS.
A TRILLION!
IF I DO THE DEAL, TALK ABOUT
DOING IT FOR THE UNITED STATES.
IF I DO IT FOR THE UNITED STATES
AND THINK WE SHOULD GET HALF.
I THINK THE U.S. SHOULD BE
ENTITLED TO GET HALF OF TIKTOK
AND CONGRATULATIONS, TIKTOK HAS
A GOOD PARTNER.
AND THAT WOULD BE WORTH, COULD
BE $500 BILLION OR SOMETHING.
THE NUMBERS ARE CRAZY BUT IT IS
WORTHLESS, IF THE PRESIDENT NOT
SIGN IT IS WORTHLESS.
IF THE PRESIDENT DOES SIGN IT,
IT IS WORTH MAYBE $1 TRILLION.
SO I THINK A JOINT VENTURE, YOU
WOULD HAVE A JOINT VENTURE WITH
THE PEOPLE FROM TIKTOK.
YOU WILL SEE WHAT HAPPENS, IT IS
ONE OF MANY IDEAS.
>> WHICH IS SAY HE IS OPENED,
THE CEO OF TIKTOK?
>> President Trump: I THINK
YOU MAY LIKE IT, HE HAS NOTHING.
THEY REALLY HAVE NOTHING.
IT HAS PASSED IN CONGRESS, IT
GIVES THE PRESIDENT TO MAKE A
DEAL OR TO CLOSE IT.
WE HAVE 90 DAYS TO MAKE THAT
DECISION.
BUT I CAN SEE HIM MAKING AN DEAL
WHERE THE U.S. GETS 50% OF
TIKTOK, POLICES IT A LITTLE BIT
OR A LOT, I DON'T KNOW.
BUT REMEMBER THEY MADE IT CHILD
-- TELEPHONES IN CHINA, NOBODY
EVER COMPLAINS ABOUT THAT.
>> SUMMARY DIFFERENT PRODUCTS
MADE IN CHINA NOBODY EVER
COMPLAIN, THE ONE THEY WONDER
THEY COMPLAINED ABOUT WAS TIKTOK
AND IT IS LARGELY YOUNG PEOPLE.
I GUESS I HAVE A WARM SPOT FOR
TIKTOK THAT I DID NOT HAVE OTHER
GENERALLY.
THEY ARE YOUNG PEOPLE, 36%, OF
REPUBLICANS TYPICALLY DO NOT DO
WELL WITH YOUNG PEOPLE BUT IT'S
A DIFFERENT REPUBLICAN PARTY.
>> ARE YOU TIKTOK FAN?
HOW WOULD YOU GET THAT 50%?
>> President Trump: YOU TAKE
50% OF TIKTOK FOR THE APPROVAL
THAT TIKTOK CAN CONTINUE IN
BUSINESS AND THEY WOULD HAVE A
GREAT PARTNER.
BY THE U.S. IT WOULD BE
ESSENTIALLY PAYING FOR DOING
THAT, HALF OF THE VALUE OF
TIKTOK WHAT WOULD IT BE
PRIVATE-SECTOR?
>> President Trump: THEY COULD
BE.
EVERY RICH PERSON HAS CALLED ME
ABOUT TIKTOK.
>> WHY DID YOU CHANGE YOUR MIND?
>> President Trump: BECAUSE I
GOT TO USE IT.
REMEMBER TIKTOK IS LARGELY
AROUND YOUNG KIDS, OF CHINA WILL
GET INFORMATION ABOUT YOUNG KIDS
I DON'T KNOW.
TO BE HONEST I THINK WE HAVE
BIGGER PROBLEMS.
BUT WHEN YOU TAKE A LOOK AT
TELEPHONES MADE IN CHINA AND ALL
THE OTHER THINGS MADE IN CHINA,
MILITARY EQUIPMENT MADE IN
CHINA.
TIKTOK I THINK IS NOT THAT BIG
OF A PROBLEM.
BUT THERE IS BIG EVALUATING
TIKTOK IF IT'S APPROVED, IF NOT
HAS NO VALUE.
IF WE CREATE THAT VALUE WHY ARE
WE NOT ENTITLED TO HALF?
DOES BITING EVER DO NEWS
CONFERENCES LIKE THIS?
HOW MANY NEWS CONFERENCE HAS HE
DONE LIKE THIS?
STEW WENT NONE TEN.
>> NONE.
>> ZERO.
>> President Trump: ENTERED
WILL BE FOR THE NEXT INFINITY
ZERO.
>> WILL YOU HELP IMPLEMENT THE
EXECUTIVE ORDERS?
ELON MUSK?
>> President Trump: YOU AND
MUSK AS OF A BUSY SENDING ROCKET
SHIPS IT TO VARIOUS PLACES WITH
SATELLITES ON THEM.
MARCO RUBIO?
HE IS IN MACO.
I THINK HE IS A GREAT.
I THINK MARCO IS DOING A
FANTASTIC JOB, I THINK HE WILL
BE AT 90% VOTES OR SOMETHING,
PEOPLE KNOW HIM, HE DOES A
GOOD JOB, BUT I CANNOT TELL YOU
WHAT IS GOING TO HAPPEN.
HE IS HAS SOME VERY STRONG
IDEAS.
>> DID YOU SIGNED THE TIKTOK
ALREADY?
>> President Trump: YES.
JUST SIGNED IT.
>> ARE YOU STILL COMMITTED TO
COLLABORATING?
>> President Trump: THEY WILL
SEE THAT AS WELL, WE PROBABLY
WILL NOT BUY OIL FROM VENEZUELA,
WE DO NOT NEED IT.
DO NOT HAVE TO BUY, WE HAVE
PLENTY OF OIL FOR OURSELVES.
THAT WOULD CHANGE VENEZUALA
QUITE A BIT.
>> THERE ARE CONCERNS ABOUT THIS
CAMPAIGN, ARE YOU A DICTATOR ON
DAY ONE?
>> President Trump: NO.
I CANNOT EVEN IMAGINE BEING
CALLED THAT.
THE DEMOCRATS CHEATED LIKE DOGS
BUT I BELIEVE IN THE SINK CITY,
IT TOO BIG TO RIG.
TOO BIG TO RIG REALLY THE
OPPOSITE.
>> WHEN DO YOU PLAN TO SPEAK TO
PUTIN?
>> President Trump: IT COULD
BE VERY SOON IT.
>> HOW LONG DO YOU THINK IT WILL
TAKE TO END OF THE CONFLICT WITH
UKRAINE?
>> President Trump: I WILL
HAVE TO SPEAK TO PRESIDENT PUTIN
TO FIND OUT, HE CANNOT BE
THRILLED, PEOPLE THOUGHT THAT
WAR WOULD BE OVER IN ONE WEEK
AND HERE YOU ARE AT THREE YEARS.
HE CANNOT BE THRILLED.
IT'S NOT MAKING HIM LOOK VERY
GOOD.
EVENTUALLY, IT IS A BIG MACHINE,
THINGS WILL HAPPEN.
AND THINK HE WILL BE VERY WELL
OFF TO END THAT WAR.
WE HAVE A NUMBER IS ALMOST A
MILLION RUSSIAN SOLDIERS HAVE
BEEN KILLED, 700,000 UKRAINE THE
SOLDIERS KILLED.
RUSSIA IS IT BIGGER, THEY HAVE A
MORE SOLDIERS TO LOSE BUT THAT
IS NO WAY TO RUN A COUNTRY.
>> WHAT HE THINKS.
[INAUDIBLE]
>> President Trump: GAVE ME
THE RIGHT TO SELL IT OR
POSITIVE.
WITH TIKTOK HAVE THE RIGHT TO
SELL IT OR CLOSE IT.
I WILL MAKE THAT DETERMINATION.
WE MAY HAVE TO GET AN APPROVAL
FROM CHINA, I'M NOT SURE.
BUT I AM SURE THEY WILL APPROVE
IT.
>>> IF THEY DON'T IT WILL BE
SOMEWHAT OF A HOSTILE ACT I
THINK.
BUT IT IS GOOD CHINA IF IT GETS
APPROVED.
>> DO YOU THINK TIKTOK WOULD BE
AFTER AROUND?
P7 IT COULD VERY WELL BE.
IT MAKES SENSE FOR IT TO BE
BECAUSE IT HAS TREMENDOUS VALUE.
BUT IF WE CREATE THE VALUE BY
APPROVING, THAT APPROVAL GIVES A
TREMENDOUS VALUE, THEN WE SHOULD
HAVE BE ENTITLED TO 50% AS A
COUNTRY.
THAT IS CALLED A JOINT VENTURE.
NOBODY EVER THOUGHT THAT WAY.
I THINK YOU HAVE A LOT OF PEOPLE
THAT WOULD BE INTERESTED IN
TIKTOK WITH THE UNITED STATES AS
A PARTNER.
>> WHAT IS IT LIKE WALKING INTO
THE OVAL OFFICE THIS EVENING?
>> President Trump: WHAT A
GREAT FEELING.
ONE OF THE BETTER FEELINGS I'VE
EVER HAD.
>> IS IT DIFFERENT NOW THAN
2017?
>> President Trump: WHILE WE
ARE VERY EXPERIENCED NOW.
HE WAS A NOBODY HAS EVER HAD
EXPERIENCE LIKE I HAVE.
I HAVE DEALT SOME VERY GOOD AND
BAD PEOPLE IN ANOKA WAS A GOOD
AND BAD ONES ARE, DON'T FORGET,
I WAS OF A SUCCESSFUL IN
PRIMARILY THE REAL ESTATE
BUSINESS.
PEOPLE USED TO SAY WHO IS WISE,
A POLITICIAN OR A VICIOUS
REAL ESTATE DEVELOPER?
I WOULD ALWAYS SAY THE
REAL ESTATE DEVELOPER IS FAR
WORSE.
AFTER THREE MONTHS GETTING TO
NOTES COME LIKE ADAM SCHIFF AND
OTHER PEOPLE LIKE THAT, IS THAT
NO ACTUALLY, REAL ESTATE PEOPLE
ARE QUITE NICE BY COMPARISON.
>> YOU PLAN TO SPEAK WITH
PRESIDENT PUTIN, WHAT ABOUT
VLODYMYR ZELENSKY?
>> President Trump: HE TOLD ME
HE WANTS TO MAKE A DEAL.
I NOT KNOW IF PUTIN DOES, HE
SHOULD MAKE A DEAL.
I THINK HE IS DESTROYING RUSSIA
BY NOT MAKING A DEAL.
THINK RUSSIA WILL BE IN BIG
TROUBLE.
YOU TAKE A LOOK OF THE ECONOMY,
INFLATION IN RUSSIA.
I WOULD GET ALONG WITH HIM
GREAT.
I WOULD HOPE HE WANTS TO MAKE A
DEAL.
>> WHEN YOU PUT U.S. SANCTIONS
ON RUSSIA?
>> President Trump: SANCTIONS
OR TARIFFS?
I THINK IT TARIFFS IS BETTER
BECAUSE IT MAKES YOUR DOLLARS
STRONGER.
SANCTIONS ON IRAN, IRAN WAS
BROKE.
WHEN I LEFT OFFICE IRAN WAS
BROKE, THEY HAD NO MONEY FOR
HAMAS OR HEZBOLLAH, NONE.
THEY WERE FLAT BROKE.
AT DOVER SEVENTH WOULD HAVE
NEVER HAPPENED.
I THINK YOU ALL KNOW THAT.
NOW THEY ARE RICH.
THE ATTACK BY ISRAEL REALLY SET
THEM BACK.
REALLY SET THEM BACK.
AND OTHERS.
THE ATTACK ON AIR DEFENSE AND
THAT WAS A BAD ATTACK.
>> WHAT ARE YOU SIGNING NOW?
>> AN EXECUTIVE ORDER WITH THE
REFORMS TO THE FEDERAL WORKFORCE
AND THE EXECUTIVE SERVICE.
>> President Trump: WE'RE
GETTING RID OF ALL OF THE
CANCER, I CALL IT CANCER, THE
CANCER CAUSED BY THE BIDEN
ADMINISTRATION.
>> HOW CONFIDENT ARE YOU THAT
YOU CAN TREAT THE CEASE-FIRE IN
GAZA?
>> President Trump: I AM NOT
CONFIDENT, IS NOT OUR WAR IT IS
THEIR WAR BUT I THINK THEY ARE
WEEKEND ON THE OTHER SIDE.
I'M LOOKING AT THE PICTURE OF
GAZA, GAZA IS LIKE A MASSIVE
DEMOLITION SITE, THE PLACES
REALLY GOT TO BE REBUILT IN A
DIFFERENT WAY.
GAZA IS INTERESTING, IT'S A
PHENOMENAL LOCATION, ON THE SEA,
BEST WEATHER.
EVERYTHING IS GOOD.
BEAUTIFUL SINKS CAN BE DONE WITH
THAT.
'S VERY INTERESTING.
SOME FANTASTIC SENT -- FANTASTIC
THINGS CAN BE DONE WITH GAZA.
>> WHAT IS YOUR FUTURE
INVOLVEMENT IN THE GOVERNMENT OF
GAZA?
>> President Trump: WELL, I
IMAGINE HE CANNOT HAVE THE
PEOPLE THERE, BUT MOST OF THEM
ARE DEAD, THEY DID NOT EXACTLY
RUN IT WELL.
RAN IT VICIOUSLY.
YOU CANNOT HAVE THAT.
>> ABOUT TIKTOK SIR, DID YOU
PAUSE ANY DECISION ON CHINESE
TARIFFS, RESOLUTION ON TIKTOK
WILL BE?
>> President Trump: IF CHINA
DID NOT APPROVE IT WE WOULD PUT
TARIFFS ON CHINA.
DON'T FORGET, CHINA CHARGES AS
IT TARIFFS AND SO DO WE, EXCEPT
WHAT I DID, HUNDREDS OF MILLIONS
OF DOLLARS, UNTIL I CAME ALONG
CHINA NEVER PAID TEN CENTS TO
THIS COUNTRY, THEY RIPPED US OFF
AND NEVER PAID ANYTHING.
WE WANTED TO MAKE A DEAL WITH
TIKTOK AND IT WAS A GOOD DEAL
AND CHINA WOULD NOT APPROVE IT.
I THINK ULTIMATELY THE WOULD
APPROVE IT.
NOT SAYING A WORD BUT YOU
CERTAINLY COULD DO THAT.
AND IF WE SAID WELL WE'RE NOT
GOING TO APPROVE IT THEN THAT IS
A SURGEON HOSTILITY AND WE WILL
PUT TARIFFS, 50%, EVEN HUNDRED%.
STUDIO SEEN OTHER PRESIDENTS IN
THE LAST FEW MONTHS, HAVE YOU
EVER CALLED ONE OF THEM ON
ADVISING, WHICH ONE WOULD YOU
CALL?
>> President Trump: I THOUGHT
BILL CLINTON WAS A VERY GOOD
POLITICIAN.
I THINK THEY DISRESPECTED HIM,
WHEN HILLARY WAS RUNNING HE CAME
BACK AND SAID YOU BETTER GET UP
THERE, MICHIGAN, WISCONSIN, YOU
REMEMBER THAT, EVERY HOUSE HAS A
TRUMP SIGN ON IT.
AND THEY ALL LAUGHED BECAUSE
REPUBLICANS HAD ONE MICHIGAN AND
ONE WISCONSIN FOR DECADES, LONG
TIME.
AND THEY ALL LAUGHED AT
BILL CLINTON.
LIKE WHAT DOES HE KNOW?
HE TURNED OUT TO BE RIGHT
BECAUSE I WON BOTH OF THEM, AND
WE WON BOTH INTO THE SELECTION.
WISCONSIN, MICHIGAN, EVERY
SINGLE STATE.
WE WON ALL THE SWING STATE.
IT TALKED ABOUT SEVEN SWING
STATES, WE WON IN THEM ALL.
BILL CLINTON WAS A GREAT
POLITICAL SENSE I THINK STUDENT
HAVE YOU HAD CONVERSATIONS WITH
PRESIDENT OBAMA?
>> President Trump: I WAS,
WOULD YOU LIKE TO KNOW WHAT --
EVERYBODY WANTS TO KNOW!
WE WERE HAVING SOME CRAZY
CONVERSATIONS.
WHY DO YOU ASKING A QUESTION
LIKE THAT?
I THINK YOU WANT TO KNOW.
YOU MAY BE INSULTED ONE
EXECUTIVE ORDER HOLDING THE
GOVERNMENT OFFICIALS ACCOUNTABLE
FOR UNLAWFUL DISCLOSURE OF
SENSITIVE INFORMATION, THIS SET
NEXT ONE AND DECLARATION OF
NATIONAL ENERGY EMERGENCY.
>> President Trump: AND THAT
IS A BIG ONE.
IT MEANS YOU CAN DO WHATEVER YOU
HAVE TO DO TO GET OUT OF THAT
PROBLEM AND WE DO HAVE THAT
EMERGENCY.
>> PRESIDENT TRUMP, AT SOME
POINT WE USED YOUR PRESIDENCY TO
TELL AMERICANS ABOUT DRONES?
>> President Trump: YES, I
WILL.
>> IT WILL YOU TELL US NOW?
P7 KNOW BECAUSE I JUST GOT HERE.
[CHUCKLING]
F BEEN HERE FOR 15 MINUTES AND
HAVE TO READ THIS LETTER.
>> I CAN READER FOR YOU.
>> President Trump: NOT HE
WOULD NOT.
[CHUCKLING]
YOUR FATHER WOULD AS WELL.
>> ANYTHING WE HAVE TO WORRY
ABOUT?
>> President Trump: I WOULD
LIKE TO FIND OUT WHAT IT IS AND
TELL THE PEOPLE.
CAN WE FIND OUT WITHOUT WAS
SUSIE?
OKAY.
I CANNOT IMAGINE IT IS AN ENEMY
OR PEOPLE WOULD HAVE GOTTEN
BLOWN UP, MAYBE THEY WERE
TESTING THANKS.
I DO NOT KNOW WHY THEY WOULD NOT
SAY WHAT IT WAS.
A LOT OF THEM FLYING OVER
BEDMINSTER.
INTERESTING.
>> WAS EVERYTHING MOVED INSIDE
BECAUSE OF COLD WEATHER OR
SECURITY?
>> President Trump: NO
SECURITY, YOU CAN SHUT IT DOWN
PRETTY EASILY.
NOW, IT WAS JUST COLD WEATHER
AND WE MADE A GOOD MOVE IT
BECAUSE FIRST OF ALL INCREDIBLE
AT THE CAPITAL TODAY.
AND LIKED IT BECAUSE IT GOT
GREAT REVIEWS ON THAT SPEECH,
CAN YOU BELIEVE IT?
THEY WERE ACTUALLY FAIR.
OR MAYBE FAKE NEWS IS CHANGING.
BUT I THINK HAVING IT IN THE
CAPITAL WAS GREAT, OBVIOUSLY YOU
CAN TAKE CARE OF THE PEOPLE WE
HAVE TO TAKE CARE OF, THE CITY
WAS BOOMING AND IF WE DID IT
OUTSIDE PEOPLE WOULD HAVE BEEN
HURT BECAUSE IT WAS REALLY COLD.
IT LOOKED SUNNY BUT WHEN HE
STOOD OUTSIDE FOR 10 MINUTES
PEOPLE WERE RUNNING BACK IN, IT
WAS REALLY COLD AND WINDY, THE
WIND BRINGS IT DOWN A LOT.
WE MADE THE RIGHT DECISION.
I DON'T THINK, YOU KNOW HOW COLD
IT WAS TODAY.
PEOPLE WENT OUT FOR LUNCH'S
STATISTIC, THEY COULD NOT STAND
FOR MORE THAN 10 MINUTES.
SO WE WOULD HAVE HAD A DISASTER
AND PEOPLE WOULD HAVE BEEN HURT.
[SILENCE]
THE HUNTER BIDEN SITUATION --
>> President Trump: WHICH ONE?
>> UNLAWFUL DISCLOSURE.
>> President Trump: I THINK IT
IS MORE GENERAL THAN
HUNTER BIDEN.
I WAS SURPRISED THAT
PRESIDENT BIDEN WOULD GO AND
PARDON HIS WHOLE FAMILY BECAUSE
THAT MAKES HIM LOOK VERY GUILTY.
I COULD HAVE PARDON MY FAMILY,
MYSELF, IF I DO THAT IS THAT IT
WILL MAKE ME LOOK VERY GUILTY, I
THINK I WOULD BE SITTING HERE
RIGHT NOW.
BECAUSE THAT WOULD HAVE SHOWED
THAT YOU ARE GUILTY.
BUT BY PARDONING HIS BROTHER OR
BROTHERS, PARDONING GOAL OF
THOSE PEOPLE, THE UNSELECT
COMMITTEE, THEY DESTROYED ALL OF
THE DOCUMENTS.
THEY DELETED ALL OF THE
INFORMATION, THERE IS NO
INFORMATION.
AND A LOT OF THE INFORMATION
PERTAINS TO NANCY PELOSI BECAUSE
SHE WAS GIVEN, YOU KNOW THIS, IT
IS ON TAPE WITH HER DAUGHTER,
NANCY PELOSI WAS RESPONSIBLE FOR
NOT TAKING ADVANTAGE OF THE
10,000 SOLDIERS, YOU COULD HAVE
USED 400, RELATIVELY SMALL
CROWD.
IT WAS NOT THE CROWD AT THE
MALL, IT WAS A SMALL CROWD.
I WAS A LITTLE BIT SURPRISED.
IT MAKES THEM LOOK GUILTY.
HE WILL HAVE TO LIVE WITH THAT.
THAT SAID, IT IS UNBELIEVABLE
PRESIDENT IT CREATES FOR
PRESIDENT.
BUT IT IS UNBELIEVABLE.
NOW MAY BE EVERY PRESIDENT WILL
PARDON EVERY PERSON IN THE EVER
MET SAID THEY DO NOT HAVE SOME
LUNATIC LIKE A DERANGED
JACK SMITH WAS A TOTAL LUNATIC,
NOT A SMART GUY, HE IS A DUMMY
WHILE WE BEAT THE HELL OUT OF
HIM.
AND IT HELPED MY REPUTATION.
>> WILL YOU DO THE SAME AS THE
END OF YOUR TERM?
>> President Trump: I THINK IT
MAKES YOU LOOK VERY GUILTY.
I THINK IT MAKES BIDEN LOOK VERY
BAD AND WEEKEND GUILTY.
HE PARDONED EVERYBODY.
HOW ABOUT A VISIT JANUARY 6
COMMITTEE, WHY IS HE PARDONING
THEM?
THE REASON IS IF YOU DELETE AND
DESTROY DOCUMENTATION, EVERY
THING, YOU WILL HAVE NOTHING TO
BECAUSE THEY WERE GUILTY.
THE RIG A DAY, IT WAS A RIG TO
DEAL.
AND WHEN YOU DO THAT IT LOOKS
VERY BAD.
I WAS SURPRISED.
LIZ CHENEY I MEAN SHE'S A
LUNATIC, SHE LOST BY THE
GREATEST MARGIN IN THE HISTORY
OF A POLITICIAN RUNNING FOR
CONGRESS, LIKE 40 POINTS.
THE REASON IT WAS THE GREATEST
IS BECAUSE ANYBODY LOSING THAT
BADLY WILL DROP OUT BUT SHE'S
ANOTHER JOB SHE DOES NOT DRAW
OUT, SHE KEEPS GOING FORWARD AND
SHE LOST BY ALMOST 40 POINTS,
BIGGEST NUMBER ANYBODY EVER LOST
BY.
WHY WOULD BIDEN DO THAT,
PARDONING HER, PARDONED
EVERYBODY, THE REASON IS THEY
DESTROYED DOCUMENTS.
EVEN IN A CIVIL CASE, I MEAN IT
PEOPLE GO TO JAIL FOR A LONG
TIME FOR DOING THAT.
>> THAT'S UNLEASHING THE
AMERICAN ENERGY, RELATING TO
USING PROMOTING DEPOSES AND
OTHER REGULATORY ASSISTANCE TO
ENSURE WE CAN PRODUCE ENERGY
EFFICIENTLY TO DRIVE THE
AMERICAN ECONOMY FORWARD.
>> LOOKING AROUND THE OFFICE, WE
KNOW THINGS CHANGE, DO YOU
CONFIRM.
[INAUDIBLE]
>> President Trump: I THINK WE
FIRST OF ALL I JUST GOT HERE, SO
MY PEOPLE CAME IN, THEY ARE
EXTRAORDINARY DECORATORS.
YOU SEE SOME OF THE PICTURES?
THAT IS A GOOD ONE.
I CAN LIVE WITH HIM,
GEORGE WASHINGTON,
THOMAS JEFFERSON, THEY TOOK A
VERY SAFE ROUTE.
NOT ANY BAD ONES UP THERE.
>> WAS A DRAWING FROM THE WORLD
HEALTH ORGANIZATION --
WITHDRAWING.
>> President Trump: WE PAID
$500 MILLION TO WORLD HEALTH AND
I TERMINATED IT, CHINA WAS
1.4 BILLION PEOPLE, NOBODY KNOWS
WHAT WE HAVE BECAUSE SONY PEOPLE
CAME IN ILLEGALLY.
THAT'S IT WE HAVE 325.
1.4 BILLION, INC. 39 MILLION
TWOMAK IT SEEMED A LITTLE UNFAIR
TO ME.
THAT WAS NOT THE REASON BUT WE
DROPPED OUT.
THE OFFERED ME TO COME BACK FOR
39 MILLION, IN THEORY ISSUE TO
BE LESS THAN THAT.
WHEN BIDEN CAME BACK THEY CAME
BACK FOR 500 MILLION.
HE KNEW HE COULD COME BACK FOR
39 MILLION, THEY WANTED US BACK
SO BADLY SO WE WILL SEE WHAT
HAPPENS.
PRETTY SAD TO THINK OF IT.
CHINA PAYS 39 MILLION AND WE PAY
500 MILLION AND CHINA IS A
BIGGER COUNTRY.
>> TODAY IN YOUR REMARKS, WHAT
ACTIONS ARE YOU TAKING TODAY
THAT WILL HAVE A DIRECT IMPACT
FOR AMERICANS ON THEIR EVERYDAY
COST?
>> President Trump: THE
BIGGEST FACTOR FOR INFLATION IS
ENERGY, THEY SCREWED UP THE
ENERGY POLICY AND THEN THEY WENT
BACK TO IT.
THEY HERDED VERY BADLY AND THEN
THEY WENT BACK TO IT.
BUT BY THAT TIME IT WAS TOO
LATE.
MANY OF THESE THINGS WE ARE
SIGNING, DOUG BURGUM WILL BE
SIGNING AN CHRIS WRIGHT IS
PHENOMENAL, APARTMENT OF ENERGY,
WILL BE TAKING A LOT, MAKING A
LOT OF MONEY FROM ENERGY.
WE HAVE MORE THAN ANYBODY ELSE,
AND WE WILL MAKE A LOT OF MONEY
FROM TARIFFS.
YOU KNOW THAT EUROPEAN UNION
JUDGES, MUCH HIGHER THAN THAT.
THAT IS THE EQUIVALENT, ALMOST
THE EQUIVALENT OF A TARIFF.
AND THEY ARE TOUGH.
VERY TOUGH AND THEY DO NOT TAKE
OUR CARS, FORM PRODUCTS, ALMOST
ANYTHING.
YET TO BE TAKE THEIR CARS AND
FORM PRODUCTS, TAKE A LOT FROM
THEM.
MAYBE 300 BILLION-DOLLAR DEFICIT
WITH THE EUROPEAN UNION, WE WAS
STRAY THAT OUT WITH EITHER
TARIFFS OR THEY HAVE TO BUY OIL.
ONE THING THEY CAN DO TO CATCH
UP QUICKLY, BY OUR OIL AND GAS.
AND THEY SHOULD DO THAT.
>> HAVE YOU TALKED TO CHINA?
>> President Trump: I HAVE HAD
THE INVITE.
>> THE EUROPEAN UNION, WHAT YOU
MEAN WHEN THEY SAY BETTER VALUE
PART OF BRICS?
>> President Trump: OH, BRICS,
IT IS SIX NATIONS, MAY BE SEVEN
NATIONS, THEY WILL LOOK INTO A
NUMBER OF THE UNITED STATES AND
THEY'VE THEY DO THAT, THEY WILL
NOT BE HAPPY ABOUT WHAT WILL
HAPPEN TO THEM.
>> ONLY HAVE A UNIVERSAL TARIFF?
>> President Trump: I MAY BUT
WE ARE NOT READY FOR THAT.
WE MAY DROP IT BECAUSE
ESSENTIALLY ALL THE COUNTRIES
TAKE ADVANTAGE OF THE U.S.
WE DO NOT MAKE ANY GOOD DEALS,
IT'S AMAZING IN A WAY THAT WE
EXIST, WE DO NOT MAKE GOOD
DEALS, WE HAVE NO GOOD DEALS.
THEY HAVE A DEFICIT WAS ALMOST,
NOT ALL, I DON'T WANT THEM TO
FIND OUT ABOUT IT BECAUSE THEY
WILL FEEL STUPID BUT THERE ARE A
COUPLE OF COUNTRIES THAT
ACTUALLY DO NOT MAKE MONEY WITH
US BUT I WANT TO THAT YOU KNOW
BECAUSE THAT WILL IMMEDIATELY
CHANGE THAT.
BUT WE HAVE, OUR COUNTRY HAS AN
AMAZING ECONOMIC FUTURE.
>> WHAT KIND OF UNIVERSAL
TARIFF?
>> President Trump: UNIVERSAL
TARIFF ON ANYBODY DOING BUSINESS
IN THE UNITED STATES BECAUSE
THEY ARE COMING IN AND STEALING
OUR WEALTH, JOBS AND COMPANIES.
SO YOU PUT A TARIFF ON TO KEEP
THEM FROM DOING THAT.
>> PRESIDENT BIDEN SAID THERE IS
AN OLIGARCHY, HOW WOULD YOU
RESPOND TO THAT?
>> President Trump: WHILE HE
HAD A LOT OF GUYS AND THEN THEY
FOUND OUT HE DID NOT KNOW WHAT
HE WAS TALKING ABOUT AND I THINK
THEY DESERTED HIM.
THEY DESERTED HIM, THOSE SAME
GUYS.
I DON'T MAKE PRETENSE OF SMART
GUYS PART OF THERE ARE A LOT OF
SMART PEOPLE.
THEY WERE ALL THERE, NOW THEY
ARE ALL WITH ME, I DON'T KNOW.
WILL NOT GET ANYTHING FROM ME, I
DO NOT NEED MONEY.
BUT I DO WANT THE NATION TO DO
WELL AND THERE ARE SMART PEOPLE,
THEY CREATE A LOT OF JOBS.
YOU KNOW WHAT THEY HAVE DONE IS
THEY HAVE TAKEN INDUSTRIES AND
THEY HAVE TAKEN IT AWAY, THE
OUTSMARTED CHINA.
AND WE LIKE THAT, IT'S, OKAY,,
THEY HAVE DONE A GREAT JOB, NOT
ALL OF THEM.
>> PROTECTING WOMAN FROM RADICAL
GENDER IDEOLOGIES.
>> WHEN YOU WERE TO THE
PRESIDENT DURING COVID-19, DID
YOU SEE THE IMPORTANCE OF THE
ORGANIZATION IT EFFECT OF A
GLOBAL RESPONSE?
>> President Trump: I DO BUT
NOT WHEN YOU ARE BEING RIPPED
OFF LIKE WE WHEREBY THE WORLD
HEALTH, WORLD HEALTH RIPPED US
OFF, EVERYBODY RIPS OFF THE
UNITED STATES.
THAT IS A, IT WILL NOT HAPPEN
ANYMORE.
THAN